docs(feesplit): add a guide for developers to add their contract to the dApp store (#763)
evmos/evmos: docs/developers/guides/feesplit.md

The Evmos dApp store is a revenue-per-transaction model, which allows developers to get payed for deploying their decentralized application (dApps) on Evmos. Developers generate revenue every time a user interacts with their dApp in the dApp store, gaining them a steady income. Users can discover new applications in the dApp store and pay for the transaction fees that finance the dApp's revenue. This value-reward exchange of dApp services for transaction fees is implemented by the [x/feesplit module](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/blob/main/x/feesplit/spec/01_concepts.md).

## Prerequisites

* Address of a deployed smart contract
* Capability to sign transactions with the address that deployed the contract. If your smart contract was deployed by a contract using a [factory pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factory_method_pattern), then the signing capaility is required for the address that deployed the factory.
* The nonce of the contract deployment transaction. You can query the nonce, e.g. using the `eth_getTransactionByHash` JSON-RPC endpoint.
* Withdrawer address, in case you wish to receive your earnings at a specified address

::: warning

> If your contract is part of a developer project, please ensure that the deployer of the contract (or the factory that deployes the contract) is an account that is owned by that project. This avoids the situtation, that an individual deployer who leaves your project could become malicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT**: If your contract is part of a development project, please ensure that the deployer of the contract (or the factory that deploys the contract) is an account that is owned by that project. This avoids the situation of a malicious individual/employee deployer (including former contributors) who leaves your project and could later change the withdrawal address unilaterally.
```

:::

## Register Contract

> To add your contract in the Evmos dApp store, you need to register a `feesplit` for that contract. The `feesplit` includes the details for receiving a cut of the transaction fees, which users pay for interacting with your smart contract. Every time a user submits a transaction to your registered smart contract, a part of the transaction fees is transferred to the withdrawer address specified in the `feesplit`. If the withdrawer is not specified, the transaction fees are sent to the contract deployer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add your contract in the Evmos dApp Store, you need to register a `feesplit` for that contract. The `feesplit` includes the details for receiving a cut of the transaction fees, which users pay for interacting with your smart contract. Every time a user submits a transaction to your registered smart contract, a part of the transaction fees (50% by default) is transferred to the withdrawer address specified in the `feesplit`. If the withdrawer is not specified, the transaction fees are sent to the contract deployer.
```

You can register a contract by signing a transaction with the address that originally deployed the contract. You can use the following CLI command, where

* `$NONCE` is the nonce of transaction that deployed the contract (e.g. `0`),
* `$CONTRACT` is the hex address of the deployed contract (e.g `0x5f6659B6F712c729c46786bA9562eC50907c67CF`) and
* (optional) `$WITHDRAWER` is the bech32 address of the address to receive the transaction fees (e.g. `evmos1keyy3teyq7t7kuxgeek3v65n0j27k20v2ugysf`):

```bash
# Register a feesplit for your contract
evmosd tx feesplit register $CONTRACT $NONCE $WITHDRAWER \
--from=mykey \ # contract deployer key

> --fees=40aevmos \ # can vary depending on the network

Reviewer: can we update it to use `--gas` and `--gas-prices` instead?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
After your transaction is submitted successfully, you can query your `feesplit` with :

```bash
# Check feesplits
evmosd q feesplit contract $CONTRACT
```

> Congrats ☄️☄️☄️ Now, that you've registered a feesplit for your contract, it is part of the Evmos dApp store and you will receive a cut of the transaction fees, every time a user interacts with your contract. If you wondering how large your cut is, have a look at the [feesplit parameter `DeveloperShares`](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/blob/main/x/feesplit/spec/07_parameters.md#developer-shares-amount), which is controlled through governance. You can query the parameters using our [swagger documentation](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/blob/main/x/feesplit/spec/07_parameters.md#developer-shares-amount).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congrats ☄️☄️☄️ Now, that you've registered a feesplit for your contract, it is part of the Evmos dApp store and you will receive a cut of the transaction fees, every time a user interacts with your contract. If you wondering how large your cut is, have a look at the [feesplit parameter `DeveloperShares`](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/blob/main/x/feesplit/spec/07_parameters.md#developer-shares-amount), which is controlled through governance. You can query the parameters using our [OpenAPI documentation](https://api.evmos.org).
```
